Adding integration - DataBee (#34769)
demisto/content: Packs/DataBee/Integrations/DataBee/DataBee_description.md

## Authentication Methods for DataBee

DataBee integration supports two primary methods of authentication: via API Token or through the use of a username and password. Below are the detailed steps for each method.

### Obtaining a DataBee API Token

To authenticate using an API Token, follow these steps:

1. **Log in** to your DataBee account.
2. Navigate to the **API Documentation** by clicking on the documentation icon (question mark button), located to the left of the settings button.
3. In the API Documentation page, click on the text that reads **"API Token"** at the top of the page. Your API Token will be automatically copied to your clipboard.

### Authenticating with an API Token

Once you have your API Token, you can use it to authenticate in the following way:

1. Create an **XSOAR credential** and paste your API Token into the credential's password field.
2. To apply your XSOAR credential, click on **"Switch to credentials"** in the instance settings.

### Authenticating with a Username and Password

If you prefer to use a username and password for authentication, you have two options:

> 1. **Using XSOAR credentials:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Using Cortex XSOAR credentials:**
```

>    - Create an **XSOAR credential**, entering your username and password into the respective fields.
>    - Apply your XSOAR credential by clicking on **"Switch to credentials"** in the instance settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Create a Cortex **XSOAR credential**, entering your username and password into the respective fields.
   - Apply your Cortex XSOAR credential by clicking **"Switch to credentials"** in the instance settings.
```

2. **Using instance text fields:**
   - Enter your DataBee username in the **username text field**.
   - Enter your DataBee password in the **password text field**.

## Findings additional context output

> Please use the additional findings context outputs field to add additional context data you wish to retrieve from the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the additional findings context outputs field to add additional context data to retrieve from the API.
```
